you shout to my boy Ola his teams are
open I didn't know that he was
particularly open by the way still open
there's only two games left in the split
joined right now by Xfinity with
coverage presented by Omni / talked a
little bit about their week 8 Team
Liquid so I quit thee things are winding
down it's gonna be kind of neck-and-neck
today two teams that you I think you
didn't want to win one in CLG and TSM
but we were talking a little bit before
this you're not worried uh it's not
about being worried just we just need to
focus on our own games pretty much cuz
as long as we're in playoffs that's all
that really matters cuz I think we're
gonna do much better in like a
best-of-five scenario yeah sorry there's
like people all coming up behind you
that's good hello everyone public place
I don't think you have the right to be
annoyed about it I'm not annoyed about
it I was just distracted cuz people were
like like like literally Kelsey went
behind into the shot and was like you
know I'm talking about stuff
no so you're not so you're not worried
do you think you can make it happen yeah
definitely I think we are so much better
then we are on stage and then yeah I
think it's just us for us to preview
yeah
do you screams go well are you guys like
scream gods yeah we're totally scream
gods you can ask anyone I will like I'm
about to interview something from TSM
after this and I will ask them if you're
a scream God here then they'll back you
up mm-hmm so you guys you guys beat TSM
all the time and scripts I don't
remember if you scream TSM this week but
okay well so you're pretty confident
there what what is going on with tal
because you guys continue to kind of do
this thing which is just really weird I
mean I can't figure it out like why are
you so inconsistent yeah it's definitely
a roller coaster for us even like in the
game I think it's mainly we play I guess
like it's it sounds like it's not really
an excuse or like it's a bad thing like
I think we're playing to calculated so
like if it's like an 80% chance maybe or
70% we might not take it just because
like
there's a chance of like risking like we
can lose stuff like that and I think
that's a wrong mentality and we're
trying to figure out like what's the
best fix for it
and yeah like hopefully you can show it
next weekend to playoffs yeah what what
do you think of the other teams right
now because it just feel like so we just
saw TSM B cloud 9 echovox also losing at
the start of the day what what do you
think because those two teams were
pretty much they had a like a lockdown
on the LCS display until the past couple
weeks why do you think that we're
starting to see them lose these games I
was actually quite surprised when they
won a lot in the first half of the split
because I think the best ones are really
volatile and like pretty much any team
can win but they managed to stay ahead
and like pretty much win most of the
games so like like TSM us I mean even
like CLG like I think like we're a much
different team unlike a best that they
were best of five because we can adapt
much faster and yeah like I think just
best ones are just not everything right
now yeah
do you think that we're gonna see
especially when best-of-five said like
it feels like we're inching slower
towards the inevitable like oh look it's
TSM CLG cloud nine and Team Liquid in
the top four it just kind of feels like
that's like the the El Clasico teams are
kind of coming back here at the end of
the split yeah I think yeah I think it's
not really obvious but like it's like
predicted like the veterans can be I had
like on like a long ass game and yeah
like a long match hello my lawyer here
and yeah I think it's just whoever can
persevere through all those games and oh
wait there's no call no that's it's like
the gauntlet comes well there's no
relegation so like after the 10th the
10th week like we're going straight to
playoffs right after the ninth week you
go straight to playoffs so we're in week
8 there's another week called week 9
this has been actually how the split has
looked for the past several years the
10th week is this play on yes yes I knew
that yeah I think
yes okay
so you think like after the ninth week
as we move into quarterfinals we're
gonna see all the teams like the longer
standing veteran team so the veteran
organizations start to have more
strength I think it's just gonna be way
different than the beginning of display
or even like half of this but everyone
has to adapt to you like I think we were
going to 8.5 8.6 to you for playoffs so
yeah it's not as different as right now
but like like maybe you can see
Fiddlesticks or like something like
really random and then people can get
off guard but it's just one game yeah
and yeah we can see we'll see okay now
what one thing that there's there's a
team that no one is talking about to in
na LCS I was teasing their ad carry
about this yesterday clutch clutch is
like number three and yet no one talks
about clutch and I'm curious why do you
think this is and also what do you think
of the team like are people not talking
about them because they're not like it's
just kind of a fluke that they've ended
up where they are like what what is it
about clutch that makes people kind of
disregard them I think it's like it the
same like I split before like they were
like they were perky like envy 2.0 right
yeah and then like people didn't really
like content them out of playoffs but
they were in playoffs yeah and like they
were expecting to do well but like not
really be any teams that are like really
good and yeah I'm watching so I'm mostly
also surprised that they got like
this.for understandings and they've been
doing pretty well and but I think we
figured it figured them out like today
and I think we can do better at them and
playoffs if we go against them yeah yeah
what what do you see is their weaknesses
based off your performance or your
performance against them today um I
think in my opinion I think just like my
teammates are like better is like as
like mechanically or like just like
player by player yeah and I think we can
react to decisions much faster than them
but they just have really good like
objective control in the early game and
like specially Baron because they play a
lot of champions like Azir cho'gath so
have like really good objective control
and they cheese a lot of a lot of
objectives just to you like and then
later on like if they have better if
they have Caitlyn like usually how
Apolo does really well on it so there's
a switching gears a little bit there's a
rising conversation about team houses
first like professional workplaces and
all that kind of stuff but you guys just
started working in the training facility
so and I know that CLG is working on
getting their stuff going in that
direction I've heard other rumors for
other teams pursuing this first off is
it is it different training in the
training facility yeah I can feel the
difference between like working waking
up and then there we go out of your room
and then work so it's like there's no
different there's no split yeah there's
no split between like working and going
home and then just like relaxing right
now it's like you wake up shower or eat
and then go to work so it's pretty much
just like a different type of thing I
don't think there's I don't think anyone
knows like if it's good or better or if
it's better worse and we're trying to
figure out that right now and I think I
think it's going way better for us like
where we wake up much earlier and then
we can separate our work life from like
I just always want to play games a home
where if you want to dream and like you
have your own personal space which I
sure would you like better yeah do you
do you think you need the team house
anymore like at a certain point time if
you're working there and your life at
home is completely different
why even live together I mean yeah I
think I can see it later on like in two
years if the team has a budget for like
I can see it but mm-hmm
I don't know right now just a
cost-saving thing because you probably
like that you don't have to pay rent
right definitely but I just like just
everyone's really close so like we can
eat together after or like we go to gym
and I go home together after it's like
if it's like really like spread out like
I can feel like you get isolated a
little bit and then maybe some some
people are not used to it especially
like even like the Koreans are really
already like a way like they're there in
a foreign country and then you actually
isolate them more and like if maybe it's
like a bad idea to like do that so it's
PR or companies need to be really
comfortable careful
about like what their teammates are
sounds like you think that people are
gonna get lonely do you be lonely living
on yours as as I'm right next to you
okay like I can just go to your room
every time when you say yeah you know
cuz we live in the same building I'm
saying would you be lonely like if team
houses went away and you have to go find
your own place would you would you be
lonely is that like a factor in this um
to be honest I think I would prefer that
since like you know I'm getting old so I
got other stuff to do to you like oh
yeah like what what do you do as you get
older what kind of stuff are you doing
um taxes yeah you have to do a taxes a
year ago Travis go on yeah yes as you
get older you do have to deal with taxes
and being alone in an apartment is
actually the best way to do your taxes
it sounds like yes that's the only thing
I do it like outside the game yeah seems
like you have a really complicated taxes
it's like this is taking away an
inordinate amount of your time I had to
do careful planning about it I have like
three notebooks for like three different
scenarios of like my taxes okay so if
Steve came to you right now and he said
shake maybe he calls you mr. patrero I
don't know mr. Pichardo why right now
you can decide do you want it we live
with the team or as a team or do you
want to get your own place and I'll give
everybody their own places which would
you pick I pick the ladder the ladder so
your own place yeah nice and would you
do you think that would prevent you from
hanging out with your teammates as much
mmm I think so
like I'm talking about you like off days
usually like it's probably gonna be like
way different but usually after screams
like we're still gonna go like home
after like our screams or like after we
so like you usually go out so I don't
think it would be much difference
there's just like after like after LCS
like we're gonna be doing our own thing
okay finally I'm gonna interview a TSA
member in a second as I referenced do
you have a question for them I I
requested Soren I don't know how I'm
gonna get Soren but in a world where
it's somebody else like do you have any
questions I should be asking any of
these guys so
I can use TSM I mean not really close to
I don't want to TSM anymore I mean maybe
there's something you want to know about
them really you got nothing for me no
I'm sorry you got to make your own
content for ones oh that's rough so
anything you want to say to any of the
fans out there um well thanks for
supporting us again hey standing there
holy do you want it you wanna say hi
alright oh hey we were just talking
about team houses about Japanese girls
no stop don't do it I already gave up
whoa what I gave up finding gave up
finding a Japanese girl who needs a girl
okay do not watch the squad I even
watched the most recent one I know that
he was looking for a girlfriend I saw
the one where doublelift at the end it's
like he was shot my boy Olay his team's
are open I didn't know that he was
particularly open by the way still open
I don't know he's particularly looking
for a Japanese girl because I watch
Japanese movie and the actress was
amazing so I just well maybe every
Japanese carries like that so that's how
that goes
I've met a lot of American girls they're
not all like Scarlett Johansson I will
say but we were just talking we were
just talking a little bit about team
houses would you be happy living on your
own or would you prefer to live with the
whole team alone I can place a look
along
I like solo okay wait why don't but you
can play solo Q alone at the apartment
you know like if he's right next to
Peter yeah Peter's kind of loud when he
streams he does but it's only in his
room I don't know why he does that in
his room like like I always say like
what the fuck it ever is using of titted
and they either wall not border him so I
just play along so no you still haven't
gotten any messages from girls I got
some but I feel like they're not Lyra
person they're just fish they're using
some well you say that you what
girl Alexa the one you always talk to in
your room
I'm Alex Alex is that the accumulation
recess or my question honestly can you
play some music for me and if you say
yes have you ever asked that I asked she
said oh of course
[Laughter]
all right well anything you want to say
here at the annex nothing I did already
said thank you the fans thank you for
supporting us and hopefully we'll do
better next week yeah only any message
any message for fans last year I didn't
make playoff in spring I'm gonna make it
please there we go well thank you guys
so much looking forward to seeing you
head into next week's games and
hopefully make it to playoffs for
everyone else you can check out the rest
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
hey so Travis doesn't check any of these
he just uploads whatever I put in the
folder for him so I figured now it's
probably a good time to plug my my
Twitter my Instagram once again how to
spell BR o di n p le TT Broden plat
pretty easy to find me I'm pretty sure
I'm the only one yeah this conference
brought to you by Omni slash